README.md, before:

## React Gallery App

This is a Gallery app that uses the React library to display the pictures retrieved from the Flickr API

# Features

- A user can query the Flickr API for photos
- Load indicator when the app is fetching data.
- Friendly 404 page when accessing routes that don't exist.
- Friendly message if no results are found when querying the Flickr API

## How to use this app?

Before you can use this app you need to request a non commercial API key at: https://www.flickr.com/services/apps/create/apply
Afterwards you have to create a config file and list the following lines:

```
const apiKey = your_api_key_here;
export default apiKey
```

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br>
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

## Learn More

This project is part of the fullstack JavaScript Techdegree from Treehouse.
For more information relate to: https://join.teamtreehouse.com/techdegree/

## Future improvements

- Pagination
- Applying Context API / Redux

Commit message:

Processed feedback, finalised for resubmission

README.md, after:

## React Gallery App

As a fullstack javascript developer you will have to deal with both the frontend and be able to communicate and write applications to and for the backend.
For this project I've created aGallery app that uses the React library to display the pictures retrieved from the Flickr API. Below I listed the features of this application.

# Features

- A user can query the Flickr API for photos
- Load indicator when the app is fetching data.
- Dynamically changes the URL path when a user performs a search.
- Friendly 404 page when accessing routes that don't exist.
- Friendly message if no results are found when querying the Flickr API

## How to use this app?

Before you can use this app you need to request a non commercial API key at: https://www.flickr.com/services/apps/create/apply
Afterwards you have to create a config file and list the following lines:

```
const apiKey = "your_api_key_here";
export default apiKey;
```

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm install`

Installs the dependencies neccessary for this project.

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br>
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

## Learn More

This project is part of the fullstack JavaScript Techdegree from Treehouse.
For more information relate to: https://join.teamtreehouse.com/techdegree/

## Future improvements

- Pagination
- Applying Context API / Redux

## Reflection

Initially when working on this project I was overwhelmed about the complexity of React. When I was reading documentation and learning the basics of React,
my head couldn't quite grasp the concepts and I started thinking will I be able to get through this material? And the answer is definitely yes.

I started out building the components bit by bit, realising the way I had done it at first, creating category components for each category wouldn't be efficient. So instead I created one single Gallery component that creates a list of Photo components. When my components were built I decided it was time to start working on adding Routing, the concept I found the easiest one to implement. After it was all set I implemented the data fetching part of the application and I had to deal with state, this was a fun and interactive way to really learn what React is all about. And finally I cleaned up the project, made sure there were no warnings and errors. Provided code comments, created a Readme file with all the necessary information and processed the feedback that I got after I submitted my project for peer review.

For future projects I will definitely have to practice more with what React has to offer but I'm starting to grasp the foundation of this beautiful library.
